# Changelog

## [1.5.6] - 2025-01-23
- Fix CheekSquintLeft/Right Blendtrees to be enabled with LipTrackingActive instead of EyeTrackingActive.

## [1.5.5] - 2025-01-19
- Fix ThresholdEditor to use newer compiled FX.
- Made Unified Expressions prefab to user newer FX/Additive/Parameters
- Removed CleanOSC script since it's not an issue anymore.
- Removed Installer script, coming back later on.

## [1.5.4] - 2025-01-18
- MouthTightenerStretchLeft had a different logic then I was expecting, negative means Stretch, positive means Tightener. It's now correct.
- Added back negative binary from BrowExpressionRight that was missing on 1.5.3

## [1.5.3] - 2025-01-17
- Tightener and Stretch have been merged into a single combined parameter MouthTightenerStretchLeft. 
- CheekSquint Right/Left is now their own parameters, before they were being mapped with Smile Right and Left
- Reworked OSCmooth_Gen layer to only enable smoothing and direct drive when the related Tracking is also active.
- Added [Frame Time Detection](https://vrc.school/docs/Other/Advanced-BlendTrees/#7229acb83ba7465dbd50a2236b134031) on smoothing layer for Local and Remote
- Fixed Empty name animations generated by OSCmooth.
- Merged Local Smoothness controller directly into actual FX/Additive controller.
- Total Parameters used increased from 160 to 162.

## [1.4.4] - 2024-11-02
- Fix commit missing file for 1.4.3.

## [1.4.3] - 2024-11-02
- Add small deadzone from 0 to 0.3 on tongue out.

## [1.4.2] - 2024-08-07
- Remove VRCFury Reorder Menu Item component from prefabs, was causing issues on some scenarios.

## [1.4.0] - 2024-08-07
- Added a new menu to control internal thresholds for all parameters, this is an advanced feature for users. You can find it under the menu Tools> !Pawlygon> Threshold Editor. Please read the Help and Warnings tooltips before using it.

## [1.3.4] - 2024-07-19
- Temporaly remove Gesture State controller layer components.There was an issue that would make the parameter reset to enabed when swapping worlds. I will reimplement this feature in the future. 
- Gesture Disabled is active by default but now should be saved when disabled.

## [1.3.3] - 2024-07-18
- Normalize Eye Brow thresholds.

## [1.3.2] - 2024-06-26
- Add VRCFury Reorder menu Item to force VRCFT menu to be first from the right.

## [1.3.1] - 2024-06-26
- Remove Mouth Closed Limiter based on Jaw open, seemed to be causing issues.

## [1.3.0] - 2024-06-26
- Initial Release